people talked about michael jackson is
being loominatee they spoke about jay-z
as being illuminati they spoke of
Rihanna being you Illuminati they spoke
of Beyonce Illuminati there's quite a
few other people Tupac Illuminati
rappers Illuminati certain people that
reach a certain financial status so now
I have a question for you guys now this
is just from sheer observation
this whole thing with Floyd Mayweather
it just appeared and how people even a
lot of black men even the ones that call
themselves conscious was defending this
man even in the wrong that he has done
now they say that there's no evidence
and we're not going to get into that
that's that's those videos that's done
that's over with but Floyd Mayweather is
making them a lot of money they are
actually pimping that brother Don King
pimp Mike Tyson in quite a few other
boxes they made money off them so right
now Floyd Mayweather is um he's getting
a break that a lot of us wouldn't even
get that's like a walk in the park
compared to the charges that people are
saying being brought up against him but
anyway I have a question for you guys
and I looked up information on YouTube
are not YouTube but the internet about
this then you know different people had
their own opinions and a lot of stuff
you really can you know take as you know
factually whatever it's just somebody's
thoughts somebody's opinion just like I
had my thoughts I have my opinions so my
question is Floyd Mayweather Illuminati
check it out the certain things this
brother does he does it quite a few
times
with his fingers in you know how he has
like his fingers up like something like
that is that brother loominatee and is
that his way of showing for throwing
Illuminati signs so feedback the video
tell me what you think until next time
I'm fearless